

**Question 1**
###### Which of the following accurately describes "Broken Authentication" in APIs?
- _API authentication is any weakness within the API authentication process._
- API authentication does not allow for multi-factor authentication.
- API authentication only allows for a single method of token generation.
- API authentication does not require a unique token for user registration.

**Question 2**
###### According to the OWASP, which of the following is NOT considered a direct contributing factor to Broken Authentication in APIs?
- Implementing an authentication mechanism without considering attack vectors or the appropriate use case.
- Lack of additional protection mechanisms for API endpoints handling authentication.
- Misuse or incorrect implementation of the authentication mechanism.
- *Excessive data exposure through the API.*

**Question 3**
###### What can be the potential impact of Broken Authentication in APIs?
- _Attackers can gain control of other users' accounts, read their personal data, and perform sensitive actions on their behalf._
- Attackers can view the source code of the web application.
- Attackers can cause a Denial of Service (DoS) attack.
- Attackers can alter the algorithm used for token generation.

**Question 4** 
###### What does a "Predictable Token" refer to in the context of API security?
- _A token obtained through a weak token generation process that can easily be guessed, deduced, or calculated by an attacker._
- A token that is only valid for a predictable amount of time.
- A token that is reused for multiple users.
- A token that contains sensitive user information.

**Question 5**

###### Which of the following is NOT recommended by the OWASP API Security project as a preventative measure against Broken Authentication?
- _Use API keys for user authentication as well as client authentication._
- Implement an account lockout/captcha mechanisms to prevent brute force attacks.
- Make sure you understand how all possible authentication flows work.
- Treat credential recovery/forgot password endpoints with the same protections as login endpoints.


