
Question 1
###### Which of the following best describes an "Excessive Data Exposure" vulnerability?
The API allows unrestricted access to all the data in the database.
*The API responds with more information than needed to fulfill a request*.
The API does not authenticate user requests.
The API stores sensitive data in plaintext.


Question 2
###### What could be a consequence of "Mass Assignment" vulnerability?
It could allow a user to execute arbitrary code.
It could lead to a denial of service attack.
*It could allow a user to escalate privileges or edit object properties.*
It could lead to an information disclosure within a compromised JWT.


Question 3
###### When an API exposes an object, which of the following is NOT a recommended preventative measure?
*Use generic methods such as to_json() and to_string().*
Cherry-pick specific object properties you specifically want to return.
Implement a schema-based response validation mechanism as an extra layer of security.
Keep returned data structures to the bare minimum, according to the business/functional requirements for the endpoint.


Question 4
###### What is the potential impact of unauthorized access to an API endpoint due to broken object property level authorization?
*Data disclosure to unauthorized parties, data loss, or data manipulation.*
The application could crash, leading to a denial of service.
The attacker could perform remote code execution.
The provider could perform a local file inclusion attack.


Question 5
###### How can you detect if an API endpoint is vulnerable to excessive data exposure?
By sending a large number of requests in a short period of time and checking if the server crashes.
By reviewing the web page's HTML to find security flaws.
*By sending requests to the target API endpoints and reviewing the information sent in response.*
By analyzing the HTTP request headers for sensitive information.

