
Question 1 
Which of the following is NOT a recommended preventative measure for limiting resource consumption in APIs? 
Implement server-side validation for query string and request body parameters._
Notify the consumer when the limit is exceeded, providing the limit number and the time at which the limit will be reset. 
*Allow an unlimited number of elements in request arrays.* 
Limit how often a consumer can call the API within a defined timeframe.

Question 2
Which of the following best describes the threat associated with the lack of rate limiting? 
The API allows unauthorized access to sensitive data.
_The API allows uncontrolled interactions or resource consumption which can lead to Denial of Service (DoS) or increased financial costs._ 
The API responds with improper HTTP headers. 
The API exposes unnecessary data in its response.

Question 3
Why is rate limiting important for the monetization and availability of APIs?
_Rate limiting allows API providers to control the flow of their data._ 
Rate limiting prevents unauthorized access to the API. 
Rate limiting secures data transfer between the consumer and the API provider. 
Rate limiting allows for secure storage of data in the API's database.

Question 4 
In regards to API rate limiting, what is indicated by an HTTP 429 response status code? 
The consumer is not authorized to make the request.
The consumer has requested too many resources.
The consumer has requested unprocessable content. 
*The consumer has made too many requests.*

Question 5
According to OWASP, what is the primary consequence of not implementing API rate limiting?
Unauthorized access to data. 
Consumers will be able to automate requests to business flows and create spam._ 
*DoS due to resource starvation or a negative impact on the service provider's billing*. 
Data leakage due to insecure data transfer methods.