
Question 1

###### According to the OWASP API Security Project, which of the following is NOT a recommended preventative measure for Broken Function Level Authorization?
Implement a consistent and easy-to-analyze authorization module invoked from all your business functions.
*Make sure that all administrative functions inside a regular controller do not implement authorization checks based on the user's group and role.*
Ensure that the enforcement mechanism(s) should deny all access by default, requiring explicit grants to specific roles for access to every function.
Review API endpoints against function level authorization flaws, while keeping in mind the business logic of the application and groups hierarchy.


Question 2
###### When testing for BFLA vulnerabilities, what functionality should you look for that could be exploited?
Functionality that allows a user to make an unlimited number of requests to the API.
Functionality that allows a user to add themselves to any user group.
Functionality that allows a user to change their own user name or password.*
*All of the above.


Question 3
###### What is the primary impact of exploiting a Broken Function Level Authorization vulnerability according to OWASP?
An attacker could execute a Denial of Service (DoS) attack.
An attacker could escalate their privileges to domain admin.
*An attacker could access unauthorized functionality, with administrative functions being key targets.*
An attacker could inject malicious scripts into the API.



Question 4
###### According to OWASP, what makes implementing proper authorization checks challenging in modern applications?
APIs are structured and predictable.
There are very few tools that can help perform authorization checks.
*Modern applications have complex user hierarchies and many types of roles or groups.*
There is a high cost associated with implementing proper authorization checks.



Question 5
###### What is the primary threat associated with Broken Function Level Authorization in API Security?
An attacker could manipulate or delete their own data.
The API could accidentally leak data during a response.
*An attacker could gain unauthorized access to certain endpoints they should not have access to.*
The server could be overwhelmed by too many requests