Question 1

###### What is Unrestricted Access to Sensitive Business Flows about?
Restricting users from accessing sensitive data through API endpoints.
*It's about the risk of an attacker identifying and exploiting API-driven workflows.*
It's about setting access controls on API endpoints.
It's about protecting APIs from server-side attacks.



Question 2
###### What is a possible way to detect non-human patterns during the exploitation of Unrestricted Access to Sensitive Business Flows?
Monitor network traffic for any suspicious activity.
Check user access history for any unusual API requests.
*Analyze the user flow to detect actions that happen too quickly for a human user.*
Force the user to complete a captcha before each API request.



Question 3
###### Which of the following is NOT a recommended preventative measure against Unrestricted Access to Sensitive Business Flows?
Perform device fingerprinting and deny service to unexpected client devices.
Implement a robust authentication mechanism.
Block IP addresses of Tor exit nodes and well-known proxies.
*Allow unlimited access to APIs that are consumed directly by machines.*



Question 4
###### Which of the following is an impact of an attacker exploiting an API with Unrestricted Access to Sensitive Business Flows?
It can cause a data breach by exposing sensitive user data.
*It can hurt the business by preventing legitimate users from purchasing a product.*
It can cause a technical outage of the API.
It can inject malware into the API server.



Question 5
###### What kind of requests does an attack under Unrestricted Access to Sensitive Business Flows usually involve?
Requests that are illegitimate and easily identifiable as an attack.
*Requests that are individually legitimate and unidentifiable as an attack.*
A large number of requests sent simultaneously to overwhelm the API.
Requests sent from unauthenticated users.


